CHANGES: update changelog for upcoming release (#1283)
seL4/seL4: CHANGES.md

* Removed user address space reserved slots restriction on 40bit PA platforms when KernelArmHypervisorSupport is set.
  This change is reflected in the definition of the seL4_UserTop constant that holds the largest user virtual address.
* Added support for GICv3 virtualization, tested on iMX8QXP

> * Implemented a signal fastpath on AArch64. Must be enabled explicitly in config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implemented a signal fastpath on AArch64. Must be enabled explicitly with the `KernelSignalFastpath` config option.
```

> * Implemented a virtual memory fault fastpath on AArch64. Must be enabled explicitly in config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implemented a virtual memory fault fastpath on AArch64. Must be enabled explicitly with the `KernelExceptionFastpath` config option.
```

* `libsel4`: Make `bootinfo` consistent. Some slot positions in the rootnode would depend on configuration. However that
  makes it difficult to add new root caps, especially if multiple caps only exist based on configuration. Make all caps
  always there, but null if not configured.
* Improved consistency and completeness of user manual
* Added manual for bitfield generator
* `bitfield_gen`: allow non-contiguous tag fields. A tagged union can now optionally use multiple fields to indicate the
  tag. These are called "sliced" tags in the code. The tag fields have to be at the same position and width in each
  block of the tagged unions, and all tag fields have to be within the same word. See the manual for details.
* Make `CONFIG_PRINTING` and `CONFIG_DEBUG_BUILD` usable independently from each other
* Overall debug printing improvements
* Rename libsel4 config option `ENABLE_SMP_SUPPORT` to `CONFIG_ENABLE_SMP_SUPPORT` to be namespace compliant.
* Removed obsolete define `HAVE_AUTOCONF`
* Remove userError from `seL4_ReplyRecv` path, because it too often incorrectly warns about legitimate operations
* Update GDB macros

> * Add support for `cmake install <dir>` for final build and config artefacts

Reviewer: I think it should be `cmake --install <dir`> instead?

Author: yes, good catch

* `cmake`: support supplying custom device trees overrides
* `cmake`: provide `gen_config.json` with kernel config settings
* Allow build with GNU `binutils` >= 2.38
* Allow compilation with clang 12

> * Add x86 cross-compiler for Arm host (e.g. on Apple M1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cmake`: detect x86 cross-compiler for Arm host (e.g. on Apple M1)
```

Reviewer: Or just `detect`
